they're off el dueño in the center the
early leader with exaltation the inside
of Rihanna Galileo next which we Nero on
the inside mr. head on to the end of the
first furlong el dueño leads them by
little over linked ahead of sable
companions ran on the outside of
exaltation Galileo and the outside of
the back mark of Vinnie Roe they head
down the far side nearing the mile Pole
I'll play no and Collin Madonna who by
just a better length Ryan our journey
merch and the outside of sable companion
exultation and iron McCullough little
over linked into Galileo and Seamus
afternoon and the outside of Vinnie Roe
and pants Muller
heading on to the seventh el dueño by a
link to Rihanna less than half a
LinkedIn to exaltation on the inside and
towards the rear Galilei on the outside
of Vinnie Roe as they head on to the 6l
bueno continues in the lead just a
linked in front of Rihanna and
exaltation Galileo and a spurred one and
fini row at the rear as they head on
towards the halfway point to fight
furlong marker el dueño from Rihanna and
exaltation Galileo in fort and Vinny
road the inside back marker of the five
is a run on towards the end of the back
straight about four and a half furlongs
ahead of them el dueño from Rihanna
exaltation the inside Galileo next and
the length and a half to enter Vinnie
Roe and say pastor for and begin the
turn that will bring them onto the
straight el dueño leads by less than a
length now to a an exaltation scrubbed
along on the inside Galileo was fourth
ahead of Vinnie Roe as they head on
towards the straight now over three tres
el dueño Rey an exaltation the inside in
Galileo and Vinnie Roe as they near the
turn in two and a half four longs to
race el dueño Rihanna on the outside in
second exaltation turn wakana Leonie and
Vinnie Roe straightening up to tour a
cell we know Rihanna on the outside
Galileo coming there and exaltation
between horses and Vinnie Roe on the
outside are further gonna hafta race el
dueño over on the rail Galileo coming
there strongly now in the centre
exaltation coming between them but
Galileo the leader as they pass the
furlong called Galileo exaltation el
buen on the inside venir Orianna last of
the five but Galileo going on from
exaltation as they run to the line
Galileo goes on to win it for Sheamus
Efrain and Galileo from exaltation held
way